---
title: 'Tuesday 2023-05-02'
excerpt: ''
coverImage: ''
date: '2023-05-02T12:00:00.000Z'
author:
	name: Integrity
	picture: ''
ogImage:
  url: ''
---

First off, what the _heck_ did I write yesterday? I just skimmed, umm. Wow. Hello.

## Dear Reader

If you're still here, blessings on your day.

I wrote an outline for today's post before reading yesterday's, and I'm going to have to think about whether it's a good thing or a bad thing, and for a moment I thought it was a bad thing, when I looked at yesterday's post, I think I'm leaning towards good now, every day holds surprises.

This one sure did!

## Lol I forgot I already had a title going.

Finding Integrity. This is all sort of coming together as we go, here. I didn't even get it on the Internet yesterday, the styling is I-don't-even-know, there's just the wisp of a semblance of a plan here, and if you don't know me, I haven't explained why my name is Integrity and really don't have umm ... maybe 100% of the story here, but so yea, name of this thing: Finding Integrity! Maybe even with the exclaimation mark, I don't know! I'm not sure why not, except maybe to avoid the inevitable question of, "Why?", but that actually doesn't sound like a good reason ... I wonder if I could claim copyright on both somehow, arguing that sometimes the creative work is spelled correctly with an exclamation mark, and also sometimes it's spelled correctly without, if I could also prove that the branding of Finding Integrity slash Finding Integrity! was a solid enough thing.

So, my name. My name used to be Gareth, and typing that and looking at it makes me a little questionable in the gastrointestial sense, so we're going to skip middle and last names until they can be pared with more context and I've worked through this a little more.

My name is Integrity now.

I realized I was trans and non-binary, and at first I told people I wasn't going to change my name, and I honestly don't remember how much I believed it, I also said I wasn't going to go through with hormones, here we are, though, 3 months on HRT today actually, anyway, my friends and family call me Integrity, and it's both got a historical root in my life and a more directly symbolic meaning if you consider the definition with relation to wholeness. Like hull integrity. Wow, I can't type that word fast yet, that's how new this is. Hence the name of the blog.

To be clear, not related to the definition of the word with relation to moral superiority. Wholeness. As in finally the gender I really am, and as I grow into my authenticity, finally the person I really wanted to become, who I guess is someone with a more defined moral compass, but that's only relative to where I'm coming from, and I've done some shit, let's be real, so feel free and please do drop that particular connotation. Not that I'm going to just lean in to being an a-hole, just ... let's move on. The story of _how_ we got here and where we're going is much more interesting.

An aside, I forgot to scroll my text editor for a while and was looking down rather than at the middle of the screen. It'd be interesting to have like a per-line coloration of where my eyes were on the screen, vertically, as I was typing. Too high, maybe not enough context is on screen, too low, maybe my neck is strained, and I could run each line through the Google Sentiment Analysis and come up with a graph showing how I tended to write correlated with where my gaze was focused. Hmm. I need to walk Dawa now.

## Today Has Been Busy

Just so the actual wtf happened doesn't disperse entirely unappreeshed, woke up, made coffee and food, tidied, walked Dawa, hit the gym, cooked for a few hours, walked Dawa, picked up a few things, walked Dawa, oh, I put myself together in there somewhere, considerable brushing of Dawa's coat, though we're not there yet, constant vigilance for licking behavior, dealt with by rebuke and distraction or the cone ... Oh, I totally forgot the barefoot run I went on. And Dawa may have gone on another walk, I lost track, really. I know we got around the block at least halfway today, because up the hill is always such a pain in the butt ... we'll get there, lol. I have at least another few miles of biking this evening, it's 7:40 and I was rocking and rolling at 6:30am for reference. Oh, my bad, 7:30, I slept in today, I just checked my calendar, that was like an 85% confidence as I was writing it, lol. So, no, I do not 100% either have confidence in or fact check what I say, which actually brings me directly to the major therapy breakthrough moment I had today, perfect.

## Deep Realization

Soooo, _this_ is a note in the Notes app from earlier today:

Really Explicitly:

Living as a functional alcoholic is not an authentic way of living. The thing deeper than the alcohol use disorder that's disordered with you is that you don't believe in yourself. You've lived with this crutch since you were young, and it's sad that it took you so long to realize this, I mean no one ever told me this to my face, I had to think of this myself, and that's the first proof positive that you've grown into an adult you can trust has this now.

Go down two a day or you'll have a damn seizure though, for goodness sake.

// Whiiich is just about right for the sort of thereapy breakthrough moments I've been having, and to really understand it, it's like there are all of these "duh" things that you can know intellectually, but don't have any impact until they're let into the rest of the body, for a visceral understanding of it. I swear there was an episode of either We Can Do Hard Things or Wiser Than Me where someone being interviewed talked about this explicity, it's been real for me for like ... I don't know, my whole life? But having the _words_ for it and the _context,_ you could tell younger me anything I really believe today and they'd be wide-eyed, and maybe in disbelief. Younger me of a certain age, for instance, would not have the context for what I mean when I talk about spirituality, and would probably be mortified that I ever used that word in a positive way.

Oh, aside, my notes from actual therapy this week include:

> \[My therapist\] believes in me!

> I believe in me!

Which is adorable, ngl, which actually brings me directly to the major therapy project I'm going to spend a minor amount of time on now, except to introduce it, and it's:

## 1,000 Little Things I Love About Myself

Which I thought I should write at some point, as a thing, just because it's true, and it's funny, and sad a little, which is like mostly why it's funny, because it's also like very very real, or it wouldn't be something I _loved_ about myself. It's not 1,000 things I _like_ about myself, and it isn't, either, like, I'm the best at ... anything, lol, even sometimes it might be like, I'm good at running or biking or whatever, just because I can kind of do it and I've been doing it for a bit, and I think this affirmation-type-thing with as much ... I was going to say 'ego out of the picture,' but it really needs to be like, ego-adjacent, like the ego needs to be there and invited to laugh along with, because we're laughing at me, and a lot of that is what the ego has done and what I've become because of that, and it's not like the ego is bad, it's amazing, look, we've survived this long, we're so thankful for all the ego's done, actually, and also we can laugh at past-self with the gentle ribbing of a friend now.

Umm, so to go from all the way abstract to a dumb little thing I love about myself is:

I get all these phone calls from "Scam Likely", and I've invented this character I refer to as Mr. Likely, who I reject in love over and over, but he keeps on persisting, so I don't get annoyed I'm getting spam calls, and can practice a femme perspective, I just realized right now in this moment, lol.

Hindsight 20/20, you know? That's why we're here, that's what we're here for, let's do this!

## Just To Be Clear

In regards to the first post:

The only arms we're going to bare are our, like, literal arms. Trans people are _very_ tough. Check _these_ guns out ::curled biceps:: bam bam!

## The Internet

Okay next step needs to be getting this actually on the server, and the first step is going to be reprovisioning the server and documenting it properly, because it's been weeks at least since I knew wtf was up with my Linode server, months probably, there was that whole frontend project, and the time when I was studying algorithms/leetcode problems, the Zabbix adventure, back with that at some point, the exploration of Next templates ... yea, definitely months. If you happen to come across this super early, I haven't done anything with styling, that's going to be part of the journey here, lol.

To the future!
