---
title: 'Monday 2023-05-01'
excerpt: ''
coverImage: ''
date: '2023-05-01T12:00:00.000Z'
author:
	name: Integrity
	picture: ''
ogImage:
  url: ''
---

## New Beginnings

Okay lovebugs, here we go! It's time for utter and complete madness, or sanity in other words, and I can't do it alone, so, Dear Reader, you're invited to share this journey with me across time and space. To the future!

> A beginning is the time for taking the most delicate care that the balances are correct. ~Frank Herbert's Dune

## Who's This Fellow?

Hi! If you don't already know me, my name is Integrity, I'm 34, trans non-binary, use they/them pronouns, ultramarathon runner, coder, coffee enthusiast, the proud (exhausted) pet parent to Dawa the Tibetan Terrier: the bestest boy in the whole wide world yes he is, child to an amazing dad, sibling to an amazing sister, and an absolute hot mess right now. I've got some big dreams, and (knock on wood) am about to have more traditional employment to support myself with, so it's time to let the weird out.

> It was not only okay to be my weird self, leading with my uniqueness might actually be the key to my success. ~Emilie Wapnick's How to Be Everything: A Guide for Those Who (Still) Don't Know What They Want to Be When They Grow Up

## Sharing From The Messy Middle

Okay, this is not complaining, firstly. I accept all of this and let go of any bitterness. I took one moment this morning and I said to myself, "One moment to be angry at my parents for everything," and I screamed to get it out (sorry neighbors, lol,) and then got about my day unburdened and with responsibility for my own life, as much as one can have. I've forgiven myself, I've forgiven anyone who's ever abused me, and I've forgiven the universe at large. Huge thanks to everyone who's been there to support me. I have not truly been alone, even when I've been truly alone. The litany, though:

I've got ADHD and anxiety. Depression and suicidal ideation has been a big part of my life. I'm queer and trans, and this is America in 2023. I didn't really choose to be responsible for this dog. My mother died three and a half years ago, and I've spiralled, and have been fighting to get myself together. I walk, run, or bike everywhere. I don't sleep in a real bed. I'm prone to disordered eating. I suffer from chronic 24/7 pain. I'm in New London, which I've come to love dearly, but is in many ways it's own special hell. And finally (ish,) I have been trying to confront alcohol use disorder, which is how we refer to it now, mostly unsuccessfully, since I was 13.

The alcohol abuse is something that I came to the conclusion on today that I need to ask for more help with. I've been taking acamprosate for the cravings, and have gotten sober for 4 days and 9 days earlier this year, but it's not under control right now. The campro script didn't get refilled for some reason, and since then it's been a total shit-show. Could be worse, for sure, but the semblance of having it together is gone from my mind.

The estrogen script didn't get refilled either, which I was really panicking about, but I had appointments with both my therapist and endocrinologist today, and thank goodness. I though my endocrinologist was going to be mad at me for not getting my labs done until Saturday, which I was supposed to get them done weeks ago. They weren't, the pharmacy just said the patches I use were on back-order. My therapist was helpful as ever. She is a gem in this world.

We just got through (hopefully, I knock on wood again,) fleas here. But the rent is overdue, the power is overdue, and my truest and most beautiful self is overdue from this world.

> Beauty is looking like ourselves. ~ALOK

## ... Big Dreams?

So I mentioned I had some big dreams. I'm about to be a barista again, which I'm pretty excited for, I'm going to be able to be myself in a gender-affirming role (not that men can't be baristas, just traditionally speaking,) my social anxiety is about to get a whomping, and if you're a barista you can do **anything,** I said I was going to let the weird out though?

Oh, yea.

So I've got this dream of creating an organization with layers, and getting a dev job as a multiplier. The organization is going to be called Arts & Athletics New London, and is going to start with a running arm and a sweeping arm. Like trash pick-up. If you've been to New London, you know, and I believe that while they say 'cleanliness is next to Godliness,' I say we take that one step further. And further steps for Arts & Athletics New London are formation of a solidarity network and at the core, a queer militia. For realz. We'll show them "well-regulated."

Ravings of a mad-person perhaps, let's remember this is America in 2023. Every day has a mass shooting. The nazis are proceeding with genocide. The world is burning, and there's no sign that the powers that be give a damn. The current democratic president has sold out to oil companies. I know which people in my life would answer the phone at 3am and bring carpets and a shovel, and I don't think we're that uncommon. Of course, violence culture is the enemy here, too, **mais ...**

> The first lesson a revolutionary must learn is that he is a doomed man. ~Huey P. Newton

## The Future?

Mmm, who knows. I need to put this on the web and make it real. I've got cooking to do. I wish it weren't so, but I've already started drinking. Dawa needs to be fed and walked at least one more time. There's plenty else for me to do. I'm going to keep it brief then, and keep moving.

I'm going to try to post every day and I do apologize for the content over the first few weeks here, it's going to be more or less unhinged and/or low quality based on where in recovery I am. Good luck to me, good luck to you, Dear Reader. Best wishes, and to the future!

> To the future! ~Prince Kameltoe
