---
title: 'Thursday 2023-04-13'
excerpt: 'First post!'
coverImage: ''
date: '2023-04-13T05:35:07.322Z'
author:
  name: Integrity
  picture: ''
ogImage:
  url: ''
---

# Thursday 2023-04-13

> "'Cause tramps like us, baby we were born to run" Bruce Springsteen's "Born To Run"

Everything's a mess, I have no idea what I'm doing, and it feels like home. Today's the day I have to start writing, though. It's the weirdest thing, I just feel compelled. It doesn't feel like normal, where I have reservations about something and I find a way to do it anyway or not, there's a truth to it that is simply obvious to my visceral self. I just know I'm about to embark on the adventure of my life, and this spiritual connection between reader and writer is ... this is so hard to write ... how I'm not going to be totally alone.

I don't want to admit I'm afraid. I'm _very_ afraid, though. Terrified. Scared. Also excited. Glennon Doyle coined this term 'scited' for being scared and excited, and I'm going to try to hold on to that. It's a touch tree.

> "Oh, will you walk with me out on the wire?
> 'Cause, baby, I'm just a scared and lonely rider
> But I gotta know how it feels
> I want to know if love is wild
> Babe, I want to know if love is real
> Oh, can you show me" Bruce Springsteen's "Born To Run"

I think this is a love letter to the universe. The future of our past. What is so clearly heard in Joanne Metcalf's "The Vast Unknowable". Like the Sufi poets.

This probably isn't going to come out polished, and my instinct is to apologize in advance, but we need to be on some new shit, now. I've learned how to apologize, and when, and when not to, and apologizing for your messy, beautiful existance is evidence of a shame put in you for being yourself, and not going to happen anymore. You too, Dear Reader, you're stardust that learned to think, you're freaking amazing.

Anyway, I should walk Dawa, who has been graciously patient with me this morning, and then I need to put myself together and figure out how to get this on the Internet, because I could totally see myself getting stuck on futzing with the website ad infinitum. Let's do this thing! 7:11am

11:42am Oh, wow, so, I'm so tired from not getting a wink last night, when I got back from the grocery run and took Dawa out, he sniffed a bit, sat down under a tree, and I didn't have the strength to stay standing, I just lay down in the grass and dirt there, dog pee or not. I'm going to get this darn thing on-fricken-line now though, for the love of all that's good.

While `create-next-app` is running, I listened to another episode of We Can Do Hard Things, this time with Julia Loius-Dreyfus, and again, it was exactly what I needed to hear. I don't believe in God like people in Abrahamic religions do, God Through The Radio has been a companion through this life, though. Intellectually, I know humans have brains that look for patterns and reward us for finding them, and escaping cognitive biases is a noble cause. Viscerally, I know the chills that have run down my spine, those wide-eyed moments, sometimes shared.

I can read all of this code, which I'm pretty happy about, I mean I didn't think I'd totally forget coding, it's been a while since I've been calm enough to sit down, though. The TypeScript, too, definitely getting used to seeing it, though not the tooling ecosystem.

Oh, Dear Reader, I haven't even introduced myself yet, my bad, I'm going to start with that on the next go, I really want to get this deployed before I take a nap, though, which is _definitely_ happening, goodness gracious.

Oh, that is ... that is some styling. Mmm. Yes it is. The NextJs example blog starter makes my eyes hurt. That's partly me, though, stimuli are just generally overwhelming a lot of the time.

Dear Reader, exhaustion takes me for now after getting a permission denied (public key) error logging into my server. And the domain registration expired. I guess I can choose a new url? To the future 12:26pm
