---
title: 'Saturday 2023-04-15'
excerpt: '"Am I about to have an aneurism?"'
coverImage: ''
date: '2023-04-15T05:35:07.322Z'
author:
  name: Integrity
  picture: ''
ogImage:
  url: ''
---

# Saturday 2023-04-15

Oooh kaay lovebugs, what the heck happened? Let's talk about it.

Basically, I ended up not sleeping for two days and having a breakdown. I tried to drink to black out, couldn't, and I lost my damn mind for a while there. I was the worst version of myself. I'm pretty sure I didn't hurt anyone but myself, woke up with some nasty bruises that I don't remember how I got, and I was _so_ sick yesterday morning after I (checks notes) made a coffee, took the dog for a walk, and ran four miles. Puked so hard I cramped three abs. Wasn't sure _what_ was going to happen at one point, I was like, "Am I about to have an aneurism?"

I'm able to recover at a pretty remarkable rate, and got non-alcoholic beer and took one of the few remaining pills I was supposed to take when just getting sober, though I did end up getting a small amount of beer later in the evening, today I'm more or less back to baseline, though, hit the gym, eating food with fiber etc. I had planned on just going cold turkey yesterday, but the day gets late and I don't think I can call anyone for support, and just ... I've really got to be making some money one way or another here, and try to take care of myself and Dawa the best I can. I've got like a few weeks here and I need to figure out how to save Christmas, lol.

So, today, I slept in a bit after setting my alarm for 5:45, as at 2:30 some people outside were fighting and blaring their car horns and revving their engines, so that kept me up for a few hours, and Dawa had gotten a lot of attention yesterday late, so he was fine. I just worked a little bit of a script to make new blog posts without copy-pasting stuff, which isn't done, but I can't let myself burn out at the computer. **Must build good habits,** lol.

## Who's This Person?

Right, I'm here spouting slice of life without introducing myself, rude.

My name is Integrity, I'm a 34-year-old non-binary person headquartered in beatiful downtown New London, Connecticut, and I'm not sure what to say about my life before three-and-a-half years ago right now, but that was when my sister and I lost our mother to cancer, and it's been a journey since. I moved up here from Long Island and COVID hit, and I spiralled into a mental breakdown, what, two years ago? I have ADHD, and the time-blindness is real. I can keep the timeline in my head for the past two or three days, generally, so part of getting myself together has been trying to make systems for myself so that things don't totally fall apart. Complicating this is anxiety, alcohol use disorder, and an eating disorder, and that last one I just figured out recently, sometime this past month or so. I didn't think I could have an eating disorder because AMAB people don't get them (lol) or have body or sense-of-self issues (_LOL_) and I wasn't skinny like an anorexic person (also lol.) Then I heard someone else's experience with it and realized I was hugely restricting calories during the day and leaning into hyperactivity, drinking and bingeing at night, then waking up with the shame of that, and rinse, repeat. Not a great cycle. I've been trying to make sure I eat real meals during the day, but it's been pretty stressful, and it's still a one day at a time thing.

Dang, I mean, there's more to me than that, I'm training for ultramarathons and run barefoot, I've been coding and working on making a career of it for a while, I'm into good coffee and writing, my seven-year-old Tibetan Terrier named Dawa is my best buddy, oh, the whole trans thing, that's a year and a bit in progress, and I've got some pretty big dreams, which I'm trying to hold onto while also getting more self-actualized and grounded ...

It's a work in progress, this blog ... myself ... the world right now ...

Alrighty, been sitting a while, time for action! Best wishes, folks!
